Growth book task

what is growthbook? 

GrowthBook is a modular platform. You can use it for either Feature Flags, Experiment Analysis, or both.

Steps 
how to solve growthbook that all are listed below one by one. thathelps to solve the growthbook task.
 
1.Firstly step is we have need to build cluster 
2.Choose (ec2 linux) networking.
3.Choose vpc and  subnet . you also go with the default option (create new)
4.Enable auto assign ip
5.Choose security group  


Now the next step is  we have need to understand our task what is our task :

Task is to run a growth book on ecs .

How i was complete that task using following  steps 
First we know that we need to build ecs cluster and cluster is la;iunch ec2  ssh in that ec2 and install the following tools.
    1  sudo install git 
    2  sudo yum  install git 
    3  sudo yum update -y
    4  sudo yum install docker

We have a link to a growth book . next step 
That is  https://github.com/growthbook/growthbook (growth book git template )

git clone <repo name>

Docker compose up -d (run in the background )

After that create private repo on ecr (elastic compute registry)

That is the same as docker hub but the docker hub is a private tool and ECR is a personal tool of aws .
Now config your aws { aws configure }
Aws config command have need of iam user with administrator access.

Now the next step is to push the docker  file in ecr .

We can see that commands in view push commands .
Run that commands 

aws ecr get-login-password --region us-east-2 | docker login --username AWS --password-stdin 508147359193.dkr.ecr.us-east-2.amazonaws.com

Skip the docker build command because we already compose that files 

Next command is 

docker tag mongo:latest 508147359193.dkr.ecr.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/mongo:latest

docker push 508147359193.dkr.ecr.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/mongo:latest

After that create task definition and task service 

 ERROR! ERROR! ERROR!
 during this project 
 
 WE FACE THAT ERROR UNABLE TO LOAD THE PAGE AND VIA TROUBLESHOOT FOUND THAT WE NEED TO PUT THE ENVIRONMENT VARIABLE BUT THAT'S NOT WORKING AND AFTER THAT I WAS CHECK THE LOGS USING FOLLOWING COMMAND   also need to p;ut one more variable 
https://docs.growthbook.io/self-host/config#domains-and-ports  .
